To begin, we have the user individualize the character in these intro sequences in GameLoop.java. Originally we had this sequence (where that player can pick a name, year, and house) in its own class but then we figured it'd be better to simply insert it in the GameLoop.java as there wasn't really anything else to put in the class than a lot of print statements. 

Then from that point, after all the user input is collected, the player is told the rules and placed in their house as a starting point. In GameLoop.java, all the HashMaps of available rooms for the player to move through are initialized and populated in the constructor. We did this because it enabled the movement code to be less repetitive and universal in all the other class locations. 

In each location class(House.java, FordHall.java, and MendenhallCenter.java) there's a series of if/else statements that execute events unique to the room that depend on the user input. We did this in the spirit of dating simulator video games that have a series of choices that the user can pick, and this design ensures that the user's choices matter. If an input meets a certain condition, the user gains or loses points, potentially gets objects in their inventory as well as even more options depending on each area. Different choices during the NPC interactions as well as different movements across the map can lead the user down a different path.
Each location method has the GameLoop gamePoints variable passed in as a parameter and then returned so that this number will be updated during the events that happen in each room. We did this so that it would track the current number of points consistently, and the user is able to see their score at any point during the game. Some of the methods have the entire Gameloop instance passed in, so that the inventory may also be accessed and changed when a collectible object comes up in the game, such as the cookie or cat keychain.

Then at the final location at Mendenhall, the player has a 50/50 chance of winning over your crush's affection because in life even if you do all the right things (and get a lot of points) love is still up to chance. This is done with math.random and if/else statements. Finally, we return back to the GameLoop.java. If the user has equal to or less than -50 points or equal to or more than +100, they lose or win the game and the while loop terminates. We choose this because it would allow the user to really explore the designated options for terminating.	

An alternative design that was considered at the very beginning was including all of the locations' events as well as the movement between places in one class. While that would have made initial issues like how the inventory and points were updated easier to incorporate, it strayed from the efficiency of object oriented programming. After some discussion, we were able to get things going in their own individual classes and fix the other issues we weren't sure how to tackle before, like moving back and forth between different locations to give the user freedom. Additionally, we originally have a series of booleans for moving from location to location but we eventually switched to HashMaps of Rooms that had booleans for each direction, allowing us to define paths between rooms and  which was much better.
